Add a revamped changelog (#585)
timescale/timescaledb-toolkit: Changelog.md

# Toolkit Changelog

## Process for updating this change log (Proposal)
This change log should be updated as part of a PR if the work is something that's worth noting. If unsure, always add an entery here for any PR. It's easy to remove an entry at final review time before the release.

## Next Release (Date TBD)

### New experimental features

### Features stabilized

### Bug fixes
[#568](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/pull/568): Allow `approx_count` accessor function to take NULL inputs.

### Other notable changes
- [#547](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/pull/547): Update pgx to 0.5.0. This is necessary for adding Postgres 15 support coming soon.
- [#571](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/pull/571): Update CI docker image for pgx 0.5.0

### Shout-outs
- @zyro for reporting null handling issue on count_min_sketch

> ## 1.11.0 (2022-09-21)

Author: Good

# Toolkit Changelog

## Process for updating this change log (Proposal)
This change log should be updated as part of a PR if the work is worth noting (most of them should be). If unsure, always add an entery here for any PR targeted for the next release. It's easier to remove than add an entry at final review time for the next release.

## Next Release (Date TBD)

#### New experimental features

#### Features stabilized

> #### Bug fixes
> - [#568](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/pull/568): Allow `approx_count` accessor function to take NULL inputs.

Reviewer: #574 was merged since you created this PR, it should be added to the changelog:

```suggestion
#### Bug fixes
- [#568](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/pull/568): Allow `approx_count` accessor function to take NULL inputs.
- [#574](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/pull/574): Add default unit to interpolated_integral.
```

Author: Thanks.

# Toolkit Changelog

## Process for updating this change log (Proposal)

> This change log should be updated as part of a PR if the work is worth noting (most of them should be). If unsure, always add an entery here for any PR targeted for the next release. It's easier to remove than add an entry at final review time for the next release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This changelog should be updated as part of a PR if the work is worth noting (most of them should be). If unsure, always add an entry here for any PR targeted for the next release. It's easier to remove than add an entry at final review time for the next release.
```

Reviewer 2: Spelling suggestions, these are not blocking.

Author: Good catch!

## Next Release (Date TBD)

#### New experimental features

> #### Features stabilized

Reviewer 3: nit: I'd prefer "Stabilized features" in keeping with the adjective-noun style that the rest of the headings use

Author: 👍
